What is HTML?
What are the basic tags in HTML?
What is the difference between HTML and XHTML?
What is the purpose of DOCTYPE in HTML?
What is semantic HTML?
What is the difference between a div and a span?
What is the purpose of the title tag in HTML?
What is the difference between a class and an ID in HTML?
How do you add comments in HTML?
What is the difference between a hyperlink and a anchor tag?
What is the difference between the GET and POST methods in HTML?
What is the purpose of the alt attribute in HTML?
How do you create a hyperlink in HTML?
What is the purpose of the target attribute in HTML?
What is the purpose of the rel attribute in HTML?
How do you add an image in HTML?
What is the difference between an absolute and relative path in HTML?
What is the difference between a table and a div in HTML?
How do you create a form in HTML?
What is the purpose of the action attribute in HTML?
What is the difference between a radio button and a checkbox in HTML?
What is the purpose of the option tag in HTML?
How do you create a dropdown list in HTML?
What is the purpose of the select tag in HTML?
How do you add a background image in HTML?
What is the purpose of the style tag in HTML?
What is the purpose of the script tag in HTML?
What is the difference between an inline and external CSS?
How do you create a class in CSS?
How do you create an ID in CSS?
What is the purpose of the float property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the clear property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the display property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the position property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the z-index property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the margin property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the padding property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the border property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the font-family property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the font-size property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the font-weight property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the line-height property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the text-align property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the text-decoration property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the background-color property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the opacity property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the transition property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the animation property in CSS?
What is the purpose of the @media rule in CSS?
What is the purpose of the viewport meta tag in HTML?
What is the purpose of the meta description tag in HTML?
What is the purpose of the meta keywords tag in HTML?
What is the purpose of the canonical tag in HTML?
What is the purpose of the robots meta tag in HTML?
What is the purpose of the rel="nofollow" attribute in HTML?
What is the purpose of the rel="noopener" attribute in HTML?
What is the purpose of the rel="noreferrer" attribute in HTML?
What is the purpose of the lang attribute in HTML?
What is the purpose of the role attribute in HTML
